New documentation for libvirt on Rocky Linux 9. (#2510)
rocky-linux/documentation: docs/guides/virtualization/libvirt-rocky.md

* Set the ownership of the `/var/lib/libvirt` directory and its nested directories to your user.
```
sudo chown -R $USER:libvirt /var/lib/libvirt/
```
* Creating a virtual machine on the command line is done by using the `virt-install` command. For example, to create a Rocky linux 9.5 Minimal VM, you would run the following command:
```
virt-install --name Rocky-Linux-9 --ram 4096 --vcpus 4 --disk path=/var/lib/libvirt/images/rocky-linux-9.img,size=20 --os-variant rocky9 --network bridge=virbr0,model=virtio --graphics none --console pty,target_type=serial --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8' --location ~/isos/Rocky-9.5-x86_64-minimal.iso
```
* For those that want to manage their VM's via a GUI, `virt-manager` is the perfect tool.

## How to Shutdown a Virtual Machine

* This is performed by the `shutdown` command.
```
virsh shutdown --domain <YOUR_VM_NAME>
```
* To force shutdown an unresponsive VM, use the `destroy` command.
```
virsh destroy --domain <YOUR_VM_NAME>
```

## How to Delete a Virtual Machine

* Use the `undefine` command.
```
virsh undefine --domain <YOUR_VM_NAME> --nvram
```

* For further `virsh` commands, please check the `virsh` `man` pages.

## Conclusion

> * libvirt provides many possiblities and allows you to install and manages your virtual machines with ease. If you have further additions or alterations to this document you would like to share, the author kindly invites you to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* libvirt provides many possibilities and allows you to install and manage your virtual machines with ease. If you have further additions or alterations to this document you would like to share, the author kindly invites you to do so.
```
